# DREx

DREx exploits the vector representation of words to expand short text documents. 
Here you can find 2 python files (create_cache and expand), and a directory with sample files for the dataset 20news and word vectors generated by Glove.

INSTRUCTIONS FOR EXECUTING DREx

Works in 2 steps:
1. Word cache generation, using create_cache

Example:
python create_cache.py -i Datasets/newsN20short.csv -v WordVectors/newsN20short_vectors_glove.txt -l 2 -n 100 -c Cache/n20_100.txt

Parameters description:

"-i", "--input", "Input dataset file", required.

"-v", "--vectors", "Words vectors file (word2vec format)", required.

"-b", "--binary", "Set words vectors file to binary".

"-l", "--ngram_len", "N-gram length", Default for DREx is 2.

"-n", "--num_similar_words", "Number of similar words per ngram", Default for DREx is 200

"-c", "--cache_filename", "Cache file",required


2. Documents expansion, using expand

Example:
python expand.py -i Datasets/newsN20short.csv -s -v 2,7,20 -l 2 -c Cache/n20_100.txt -o Output/ -f n20_scale

Parameters description:

"-i", "--input", "Input dataset file", required.

"-s", "--type_scale", "Set DREx to calculate the number of expansion words using a scale factor of the document size", Default valeu is false.

"-v", "--expansion_values", "List of number of expansion words or scaling factors (separated by commas)", required.

"-l", "--ngram_len", "N-gram length", Default value is 2.

"-c", "--cache_filename", "Cache file",required.

"-o", "--output_path", "Output path",required.

"-f", "--output_files_prefix", "Prefix of output files", required.

"-p", "--probabilistic_selection", "Set DREx to use probabilistic selection instead of top N selection", Default value is false.


Notice the directory structure used in the commands above to avoid errors.

If you need any assistance, please email Marcelo Pita (marcelo.souza.pita at gmail dot com) or Paulo Bicalho (paulovianabicalho at gmail dot com).
